changes in getting-started-with-karpenter doc to fix #5677 (#5679)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/getting-started/getting-started-with-karpenter/_index.md

* Create a role to allow spot instances.
* Run helm to install karpenter

> {{#tabs name:"create-cluster" tabs:"With NodeGroup,With Fargate"}}

Reviewer: When I look at the preview that's deployed from this PR, I don't see the tabs getting rendered. Are we missing a short-code here with hugo/docsy that will give us the tabs?

Author: I have fixed this issue in the latest commit. Pls check.

{{% /alert %}}

{{% alert title="Pod Identity Supports Notice" color="warning" %}}

> Karpenter now supports using [Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html) to authenticate AWS SDK to make API requests to AWS services using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions. This feature not supported on versions of Kubernetes < 1.24 and when used with Fargate profile.  If you are running an earlier version of Kubernetes or deploying Karpenter containers on Fargate, you will need to use the [IAM Roles for Service Accounts(IRSA)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-on-EKS-DevelopmentGuide/setting-up-enable-IAM.html) for pod authentication instead. You can enable these IRSA with `--set "serviceAccount.annotations.eks\.amazonaws\.com/role-arn=${KARPENTER_IAM_ROLE_ARN}"` when applying the Karpenter helm chart.

Reviewer 2: This looks great! Can you add this changes same to v0.33, v0.34, and preview? So that users are aware of these changes for all the version karpenter supports pod identity

Author: Done.
Additionally I have separated out the commands for launching EKS cluster with node group and fargate in separate tab to make it more clear and readable.

> Karpenter now supports using [Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html) to authenticate AWS SDK to make API requests to AWS services using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions. This feature not supported on versions of Kubernetes < 1.24 and when used with Fargate profile.  If you are running an earlier version of Kubernetes or deploying Karpenter containers on Fargate, you will need to use the [IAM Roles for Service Accounts(IRSA)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-on-EKS-DevelopmentGuide/setting-up-enable-IAM.html) for pod authentication instead. You can enable these IRSA with `--set "serviceAccount.annotations.eks\.amazonaws\.com/role-arn=${KARPENTER_IAM_ROLE_ARN}"` when applying the Karpenter helm chart.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Karpenter now supports using [Pod Identity](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/eks/latest/userguide/pod-identities.html) to authenticate AWS SDK to make API requests to AWS services using AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) permissions. This feature is not supported on versions of Kubernetes < 1.24 and when used with Fargate profiles.  If you are running an earlier version of Kubernetes or deploying Karpenter containers on Fargate, you will need to use the [IAM Roles for Service Accounts(IRSA)](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/emr/latest/EMR-on-EKS-DevelopmentGuide/setting-up-enable-IAM.html) for pod authentication instead. You can enable these IRSA with `--set "serviceAccount.annotations.eks\.amazonaws\.com/role-arn=${KARPENTER_IAM_ROLE_ARN}"` when applying the Karpenter helm chart.
```

nit

Author: Fixed.
